
                                                                                                    (And if you tried so hard and got so far 
It doesn’t really matter in the end...) 

1. Ey ey ey ey ey 
Get to the party 
Ain’t no marty 
Who’s that smarty 
I think she’s so hardy 
Lean to the side I can barely use my eyes 
Out of my sight, oh *** 
So I gotta get back into my mind to see what’s inside?
Enemy or ally ? 
What keeps us divided? 
Let’s sit and confide 
What keeps us alive or awake at night or about to die 
Don’t forget to fight even if it’s tight 
Looking at the light waiting to hitchhike 
When they say you’re wrong keep that in mind and prove them that you’re right 
(28 to life) 

(Let me tell you something 
I don’t know why they relying on praying 
Putting down others, oh ***ers 
Trying for me, for my family 
One day you’ll see, I’m gonna get that) 

2. Ey, get that money 
I might be bloody 
What’s so funny ? 
You’re clowns or monkeys? 
Hate what I do so you’re not gonna support? 
Oh, like I care? My dream, I dare - and you, you scared. Aborted! 
From the other side my grandma smiles I bet she’s happy 
I saw my brother cried with his eyes so wild then he ran out side get down to hide 
Ain’t gonna lie that I died inside, but I think that if you blink, your dream will sink 
Life isn’t pink, you will soon find out that your printer ran out of ink 

Don’t shrink, find something to drink 
If you don’t wanna get hurt just don’t flirt 
I’m an introvert but I speak my words 
Thought before I say so my thing could be more wide 
Riding motorbike forget my glasses 
Fk that eyesore, I’m so sorry my lord 
Push out that door, eye drop is what I look for 
Ey, yo 
(Fk you if you hate me, I don’t care) 


And if you tried so hard and got so far 
It doesn’t really matter in the end 
Stand up and be prepared for the revenge 
No matter what happens just try again 
Hold up, let’s flip this *** 

3. What kind of war we have ? 
And what it’s all about let’s calm it down and settle it down like this 
What did I just miss? 
Forget about that kiss 
Don’t wanna know cause I haven’t seen me becoming that pissed 
If you hate me then oh I don’t like you, ah 
If you hate me then still I don’t hate you, ah 
If you love me then yes I do love you, too 
In the end we’re peace so please grow the *** up and spread love instead of spread war                                                                                            